fortunately there's an elephant
orphanage in Nairobi who can take the
calf on a few calls are all it takes to
get the wheels in motion we've just sent
a message off to the warden to get
permission to actually remove it and/or
capture it or do something tonight okay
Andy well if that's the case I'm going
to sit on this coffin I mean what's the
best thing for us to do just try and
capture it now or what I'm gonna have to
move
basically we're gonna have to do a
rescue
the great news is we've got a plane
coming down this evening it'll be here
before nightfall and so just as long as
we can keep our eyes on this calf after
a lot of discussion at the park warden
and the Rangers we decide the best
option is for us to catch the calf
although it's going to be both difficult
and stressful without a tranquilizer
I've done this kind of thing before so
I've got the job of coordinating the
team I think probably the best thing to
do is very carefully we move in and we
try to isolate it from the other
elephants with the vehicles and Curtis
is difficult now it's probably a good
time I'll still separated from the
others
okay we need to block the road guys
Daniel please make sure you block the
road hey Cathy we're gonna have to do
this on foot Simon chisel you can help
me I hate putting such a young animal
through so much stress but we all agree
that if we don't capture it today then
the calf has no chance of survival
you're gonna have to get out of the car
yeah
my plan is to try to cover it lies and
then grab it but it's just too fierce
to know how we're gonna do this as
babies a lot stronger than I thought is
we don't want to hurt it you know
what's happened is this baby's actually
like we get older than we thought when
you get up closer to the ground it's
looking closer to find things - right
and it is very very strong and there's
absolutely no way that we can capture it
first so we're gonna wait for the vet to
arrive he's writing any minute now and
as soon as he's here we'll be able to
tranquilize the calf put it to sleep and
it'll just make the whole thing a lot
more easy and stress-free our biggest
problem is that it's gonna be dark in
about 15 minutes half an hour and if we
lose the baby tonight it could easily
get eaten by predators or we lose it
entirely and in which case at some point
is gonna die